README.md, before:

# **BSF assigment Application using Java 8, Spring Boot, PostgreSQL, Docker Compose**

RESTful API to simulate simple banking operations.

Requirements
CRUD operations for users and accounts.
It’s possible to create users, accounts, replenishment transactions, 
balance reduction and transfer from account to account.

# **Getting Started**
Checkout the project from GitHub
`git clone https://github.com/Pavlovich-kll/BSF.git`

Enable Lombok support on your IDE

1) `mvn clean package -DskipTests`

2) `docker run --name multiverse -p 5477:5432 -e POSTGRES_DB=postgres -e POSTGRES_USER=postgres -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres -d postgres`

3) `mvn spring-boot:run`

4) `execute sql in: src/test/resources/init.sql`

5) `Browse to <project-root>/src/test/resources/generated-requests.http to find sample requests to add users,
   accounts and to create some transactions.`

Default port for the api: 8080


#Swagger
Please find the Rest API documentation in the below url

`http://localhost:8080/api/swagger-ui/index.html`


#Author
**Kirill Pavlovich**

Commit message:

fixed README.md and docker-compose.yml

README.md, after:

# **BSF assigment Application using Java 8, Spring Boot, PostgreSQL, Docker Compose**

RESTful API to simulate simple banking operations.

Requirements
CRUD operations for users and accounts.
It’s possible to create users, accounts, replenishment transactions, 
balance reduction and transfer from account to account.
We can run the application in docker compose (server + db) or just run Application.java main class.

# **Getting Started**
Checkout the project from GitHub
`git clone https://github.com/Pavlovich-kll/BSF.git`

Enable Lombok support on your IDE

DOCKER-COMPOSE
1) `docker-compose up --build`

2) `execute sql in: <project-root>/sql/init.sql` for DB jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/postgres (user:postgres, password:postgres)

3) `Browse to <project-root>/src/test/resources/generated-requests.http to find sample requests to add users,
   accounts and to create some transactions.`

Default port for the api: 8000

OR 
RUN APPLICATION

1) `mvn clean package -DskipTests`

2) `docker run --name multiverse -p 5477:5432 -e POSTGRES_DB=postgres -e POSTGRES_USER=postgres -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres -d postgres`

3) `mvn spring-boot:run`

4) `execute sql in: src/test/resources/init.sql`

5) `Browse to <project-root>/src/test/resources/generated-requests.http to find sample requests to add users,
   accounts and to create some transactions.`

Default port for the api: 8080


#Swagger
Please find the Rest API documentation in the below url

`http://localhost:8080/api/swagger-ui/index.html`


#Author
**Kirill Pavlovich**
